README.md, before:

# Competitive-Programming
My solution for some competitive programming problems


| # | Title | Solution |
|---| ----- | -------- |
|1|[Add Two Numbers As List](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [Python3](./AddTwoNumbersInLinkedList/AddTwoNumbersInLinkedList.py)
|2|[String to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | [Python3](./atoi/atoi.py)
|3|[Basic Calculator](https://leetcode.com/problems/basic-calculator/) | [Python3](./BasicCalculator/basicCalculatorStack.py)
|4|[Counting Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [Python3](./ClimbStairs/climbStairs.py)
|5|[Edit Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/edit-distance/) | [Python3](./EditDistance/editDistance.py)
|6|[Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/) | [Python3](./FindNonDuplicateNumber/FindNonDuplicateNumber.py)
|7|[Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/) | [Python3](./FirstLastOccurance/FirstLastOccurance.py)
|8|[Find Ceiling of Binary Search Tree]() | [Python3](./FloorCeilingBST/FloorCeilingBST.py)
|9|[Invert Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/) | [Python3](./InvertBinaryTree/InvertBinaryTree.py)
|10|[Longest Palindrome Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/) | [Python3](./LongestPalindromicSubstring/LongestPalindromicSubstring.py)
|11|[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [Python3](./LongestSubstring/LongestSubstring.py)
|12|[Median of Two Sorted Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/) | [Python3](./MedianTwoSortedArrays/MedianTwoSortedArrays.py)
|13|[Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack) | [Python3](./MinMaxStack/minMaxStack.py)
|14|[Non-decreasing Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/non-decreasing-array/) | [Python3](./NonDecreasingArray/NonDecreasingArray.py)
|15|[Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/) | [Python3](./ReverseInteger/ReverseInteger.py)
|16|[Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/) | [Python3](./ReverseLinkedList/ReverseLinkedList.py)
|17|[Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/) | [Python3](./SortColors/SortColors.py)
|18|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Python3](./TwoSum/TwoSum.py)
|19|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Python3](./ValidateBalancedParentheses/ValidateBalancedParentheses.py)
|20|[Word Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search/) | [Python3](./WordSearch/wordSearch.py)
|21|[Push Dominoes](https://leetcode.com/problems/push-dominoes/) | [Python3](./Push_Dominoes/Push_Dominoes.py)
|21|[Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/) | [Python3](./UniquePaths//UniquePaths.py)

Commit message:

Solve: Remove last Nth Node from Linked List Iterative solution, one pass constant space complexity

README.md, after:

# Competitive-Programming
My solution for some competitive programming problems


| # | Title | Solution |
|---| ----- | -------- |
|1|[Add Two Numbers As List](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [Python3](./AddTwoNumbersInLinkedList/AddTwoNumbersInLinkedList.py)
|2|[String to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | [Python3](./atoi/atoi.py)
|3|[Basic Calculator](https://leetcode.com/problems/basic-calculator/) | [Python3](./BasicCalculator/basicCalculatorStack.py)
|4|[Counting Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [Python3](./ClimbStairs/climbStairs.py)
|5|[Edit Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/edit-distance/) | [Python3](./EditDistance/editDistance.py)
|6|[Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/) | [Python3](./FindNonDuplicateNumber/FindNonDuplicateNumber.py)
|7|[Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/) | [Python3](./FirstLastOccurance/FirstLastOccurance.py)
|8|[Find Ceiling of Binary Search Tree]() | [Python3](./FloorCeilingBST/FloorCeilingBST.py)
|9|[Invert Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/) | [Python3](./InvertBinaryTree/InvertBinaryTree.py)
|10|[Longest Palindrome Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/) | [Python3](./LongestPalindromicSubstring/LongestPalindromicSubstring.py)
|11|[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [Python3](./LongestSubstring/LongestSubstring.py)
|12|[Median of Two Sorted Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/) | [Python3](./MedianTwoSortedArrays/MedianTwoSortedArrays.py)
|13|[Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack) | [Python3](./MinMaxStack/minMaxStack.py)
|14|[Non-decreasing Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/non-decreasing-array/) | [Python3](./NonDecreasingArray/NonDecreasingArray.py)
|15|[Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/) | [Python3](./ReverseInteger/ReverseInteger.py)
|16|[Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/) | [Python3](./ReverseLinkedList/ReverseLinkedList.py)
|17|[Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/) | [Python3](./SortColors/SortColors.py)
|18|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Python3](./TwoSum/TwoSum.py)
|19|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Python3](./ValidateBalancedParentheses/ValidateBalancedParentheses.py)
|20|[Word Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search/) | [Python3](./WordSearch/wordSearch.py)
|21|[Push Dominoes](https://leetcode.com/problems/push-dominoes/) | [Python3](./Push_Dominoes/Push_Dominoes.py)
|22|[Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/) | [Python3](./UniquePaths/UniquePaths.py)
|23|[Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/) | [Python3](./RemoveLastNthNode/RemoveLastNthNode.py)
